Hosting Tip Number 8 I call this the Think like a hotel but don't act like a hotel.
What I mean is you want to think about costs.
You want to think about how what to pay is $200 to come stay.
How much are you spending on them.
How much time are you spending.
What type of items do you have that might need to be replaced each time you want to think organisationally
that's going to help you in the long run.
That's going to help you prevent this from turning into a hairball that's going to make it much easier
for you to handle if you have more organization you're going to be happier.
But don't act like that because people who look on Airbnb are looking for more of a home you feel they're
looking for uniqueness.
They want to share experiences and it's more about connecting with locals connecting with the actual
city they go to.
And last about having this sterile cotton Rawhi very easy to understand efficient service that gets
them in and out.
How do you reconcile the two.
You know when I communicate with agast and this is kind of where I differentiate this obviously my place
doesn't look like a hotel even though I give them hotel like amenities when I communicate with them.
I make sure that I don't ever speak like that hotel earlier in the course we talked about don't be.
Matter of fact that never particularly works.
So whenever I message them if I need to give them instructions I always make sure that it comes across
not as you need to do this and it comes across has you know this is generally what I like or this is
how this works and here's why.
What I'm doing is establishing more of a friendly tone more of you are staying at my space at the same
time getting the same information across.
So as opposed to saying check out at 11 a.m. sharp I say typically we will check out at 11 o'clock because
the cleaner needs to get in at 11:00.
Guests typically need to get in or around to and then I say after that is there are gas coming the next
day then you're more than welcome to stay later.
That doesn't sound like a hotel that sounds like a human being who's being flexible.
Is not saying that this is absolutely the way it is in your house rules you don't need to make it sound
like boot camp.
You don't need to say absolutely this absolutely that and you know put them in numbered lists and things
like that you can just list them out and bullet points you need to be more casual because you want a
more casual atmosphere that's going to translate into better views better guests a lot of times you'll
find people who are very hot and dry and they just don't have the same kind of candor and their views
you find that people are view them but they end up treating you like a hotel.
The biggest downside of gas treating you like a hotel is they start demanding a lot more.
But there are also a lot less forgiving.
They're going to give you a bad review because they think that they stayed at a hotel.
They want to sum it up try to be as efficient as you can but also make sure that you're adding a personal
human touch.
Any time you interact with your guests.